In a topology like this we may have full access which is connected via stacking cables so physically
it would look like this.
But logically it looks like this the switches appear to be a single switch to the rest of the network
and you configure them as if they are a single switch.
We now have a full uplinks to each distribution switch so physically they connected as follows with
each Access Switch having one connection to each distribution switch but logically we have for physical
cables to each distribution switch which then allows us to use ether channel to the distribution switch.
So rather than using spanning tree across these uplinks we're one of the ports is forwarding and one
of the ports is blocking.
We've now created an ether channel to each distribution switch.
This kind of setup simplifies the configuration and management of the network from a spending three
point of view rather than having six switches involved in the spending tree.
We now only have three switches involved in the spanning tree so it's much easier to configure much
easier to understand as well as to predict what happens when there's a failure in the network uploading
across an ether channel is also more efficient than using spanning tree to block one port and forward
on another port.